[BITS-3376] Update Bits AI SRE docs to reflect automatic investigation changes and RBAC (#31647)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/bits_ai/bits_ai_sre/investigate_alerts.md

### Enable Bits on monitors for automated investigations

To enable Bits for automated investigations, use one of the following options:

#### Option 1: Use the Bits AI SRE Monitors list
1. In Bits AI SRE, go to [**Monitor Management**][5] > **Ready for Bits**.
1. For a single monitor, toggle **Enable** under **Automatic investigations**. For multiple monitors, select them and click **Edit automatic investigations**.

#### Option 2: Configure for a single monitor

> 1. Open a monitor, click on the gear icon in the upper right corner, and select **Edit**.
> 1. Go to the section "Configure notifications & automations".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a monitor, click on the gear icon in the upper right corner, and select **Edit**.
1. Scroll to the **Configure notifications & automations** section.
```

> 1. Open a monitor, click on the gear icon in the upper right corner, and select **Edit**.
> 1. Scroll to the **Configure notifications & automations** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a monitor, click on the gear icon in the upper right corner, and select **Edit**.
1. Scroll to **Configure notifications & automations** > **Investigate with Bits AI SRE**.
```

> 1. Within **Investigate with Bits AI SRE**, enable automatic investigations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the toggle to enable.
```

**Tip**: The more precisely your Confluence page matches the issue at hand, the more helpful Bits can be.

> ### Restrict access to Bits investigations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Permissions for Bits investigations
```

> To access investigations, users need the `Bits Investigations Read` [permission][15]. This permission is included in the Datadog Read Only Role by default. To configure automated investigations and manually start investigations, users need the `Bits Investigations Write` [permission][15]. This permission is included in the Datadog Standard Role by default. If your organization uses custom roles, add these permissions to the appropriate role. For more information on managing permissions, see [Access Control][11].
> 
> **Note**: Your organization's third-party AI enablement status is always respected, even when users have these permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To view investigations, users need the `Bits Investigations Read` [permission][15]. This is included in the **Datadog Read Only Role** by default.
* To configure automated investigations or start them manually, users need the `Bits Investigations Write` [permission][15]. This is included in the **Datadog Standard Role** by default. 

If your organization uses custom roles, add these permissions to the appropriate role. For details, see [Access Control][11].

**Note**: Your organization's third-party AI enablement settings are always respected, even when users have these permissions.
```
